git init
Usage: git init [repository name]
This command is used to start a new repository.
git clone
Usage: git clone [url]

This command is used to obtain a repository from an existing URL.
git add
Usage: git add [file]
This command adds a file to the staging area.
git commit
Usage: git commit -m “[ Type in the commit message]”

This command records or snapshots the file permanently in the version history.
git diff
Usage: git diff  

This command shows the file differences which are not yet staged.
Usage: git diff –staged 

This command shows the differences between the files in the staging area and the latest version present.
git reset
Usage: git reset [file]  

This command unstages the file, but it preserves the file contents.
Usage: git reset [commit]  

This command undoes all the commits after the specified commit and preserves the changes locally.
git status
Usage: git status  

This command lists all the files that have to be committed.
git rm
Usage: git rm [file]  

This command deletes the file from your working directory and stages the deletion.
git log
Usage: git log  

This command is used to list the version history for the current branch.
git show
Usage: git show [commit]  

This command shows the metadata and content changes of the specified commit.
git tag
Usage: git tag [commitID]  

This command is used to give tags to the specified commit.
git branch
Usage: git branch  

This command lists all the local branches in the current repository.
git checkout -b [branch name]  

This command creates a new branch and also switches to it.
git merge
Usage: git merge [branch name]  

This command merges the specified branch’s history into the current branch
git remote
Usage: git remote add [variable name] [Remote Server Link]  

This command is used to connect your local repository to the remote server.
git push
Usage: git push [variable name] master  

This command sends the committed changes of master branch to your remote repository.
git pull
Usage: git pull [Repository Link]  

This command fetches and merges changes on the remote server to your working directory.
git stash
Usage: git stash save  

This command temporarily stores all the modified tracked files.
Merge
Git Merge lets you merge different Git branches.
Git Merge logs show you the complete history of commit merging.
All the commits on a feature branch are combined into a single commit on the master branch.
Merge is best used when the target branch is supposed to be shared.
Merge preserves history.
Rebase
Git Rebase allows you to integrate the changes from one branch into another.
Git Rebase logs are linear. As the commits are rebased, the history is altered to reflect this.
All commits are rebased, and the same number of commits are added to the master branch.
Rebase is best used when the target branch is private.
Rebase rewrites history.

Difference between Git fetch and pull
The key difference between git fetch and pull is that git pull copies changes from a remote repository directly into your working directory, while git fetch does not. The git fetch command only copies changes into your local Git repo. The git pull command does both.
